Fix typos/grammar, improve consistency, and use HTTPS (#782)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Features.rst

     - `Wiki <https://github.com/ros2/freertps/wiki>`__
     -

> Beside features of the platform, the most impact of ROS comes from its available packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides core features of the platform, the biggest impact of ROS comes from its available packages.
```
